see
welcome to the arena of the old circus
vet night Boulevard Moscow Russia for
the Red Bull BC One b-boy world
championship finals 16 of the world's
best b-boys will be clashing in one on
one knockout battles
crazy event for this full of the top 16
dancer in the world for this year it's
crazy it puts you to your limits and uh
I got taken to my limits
one of the most prestigious competitions
in the world of b-boying a chance of a
lifetime for the competitors to show
that indeed they are the one
it was really don't like it's a
life-changing experience y'all know what
time it is van is the silly finals are
you ready are you ready let's go in the
first semi-final we have last year's
champion neguin taking on rocks right
one the most experienced b-boys on the
planet
I'm so proud of frogs right because he
really deserved it you know I think
that's his time so he's give me his best
you know props to him in the second
semi-final we have two power mu
specialists Morris from USA and the
rising star little jig from Venezuela
Lucia Lucia Roxy Photoshop
the Stalin the technique of rocks ride
taking on the power moves of nil G
roxrite is the new red bull bc one 2011
champion here in moscow tonight of the
finally won dorado bc one it's something
I've been chasing for about five six
years now
the b-boys bboy makes his dream come
true and picks up the championship belt
you